README.md, before:

# WebCrawler
A web crawler that creates a site map and displays static assets


Design Decisions:

From a high level overview the program has two logical steps:
	1) Create a site map for a given url.
	2) Extract static assets from each url in the created site map.

So I created a program that had a main function that would accept a url as a command line argument and then call two functions. One for creating a site map and a second for extracting static links from a given url.

I decided that the site map generator function should also make sure the provided url was safe and should use the base domain of the provided url as a starting point every time. So I added two private subfunctions to perform these tasks.


Now that I had a general outline of the program structure I created some simple unit test cases that were failing and began working on making them pass.

(Ended up having to move the url checking and base domain finding into non-nested private functions to make unit testing easier.)

Commit message:

Abstracted downloading HTML data and extracting...
page links into their own functions. Added a unique function for removing duplicates links. Updated README with worklog info. The script can now successfully discover all links on a domain.

README.md, after:

# WebCrawler
A web crawler that creates a site map and displays static assets


Design Decisions:

From a high level overview the program has two logical steps:
	1) Create a site map for a given url.
	2) Extract static assets from each url in the created site map.

So I created a program that had a main function that would accept a url as a command line argument and then call two functions. One for creating a site map and a second for extracting static links from a given url.

I decided that the site map generator function should also make sure the provided url was safe and should use the base domain of the provided url as a starting point every time. So I added two private subfunctions to perform these tasks.


Now that I had a general outline of the program structure I created some simple unit test cases that were failing and began working on making them pass.

(Ended up having to move the url checking and base domain finding into non-nested private functions to make unit testing easier.) - This also came in handy later on anyway.

I next began the process of building the site map and found that I should abstract the downloading of the HTML data and extracting page links from the data into their own functions. I also created a small function to make sure a list has only unique entires.

I found the logic of interating through a list while also adding to it slightly tricky (as it's best practice not to add to a list while you're iterating over it in Python). Calling unique on the list also causes the order to be randomised so that made it slightly trickier.

Parsing the html for links ended up being easier than I expected by using BeautifulSoup and then it was just a case of catching a few outliers and making sure to not add them to the list of links.
